hey guys this is kelly from Kelly's 35 I
wanted to get on here today and show you
a great deal that I have worked up on a
from a website called schoola and I'm
going to provide a link below that you
will see i received i picked out it's a
used clothing site from preschool to win
I mean they have women's sizes where
people donate clothing to help their
schools and then you can purchase
clothing to help schools and I saw
someone link this on a dollar tree
facebook group and I checked it out it
is totally legitimate this is not a
sponsored video I am used the following
directions which I'm going to explain to
you in detail below on how to get over
sixty dollars worth of clothing for free
I received all 12 of these items which
I'll kind of go through and show you a
little bit they're all pretty much some
sort of name brand I got a children's
place hoodie I got a gymboree rock on
t-shirt I got a children's place hoodie
with a lined cute little Madras inlay I
got a t-shirt this is just faded glory I
got a basketball shirt from children's
place I got an old navy orange and blue
long sleeve for fall so all of this is
long sleeve for Parker I got a gymboree
a long sleeve twofer shirt hey Crazy
Eights fleece I've half-zip a gap kids
long sleeve burgundy a gymboree very
nice button-up this one is also gymboree
I believe I yep gymboree
kind of a baseball raglan type shirt
this is the only piece that came kind of
beat-up but it's a hoodie just a basic
hoodie the sleeves actually had some
kind of you know that was the only piece
that in my mind really look used however
I received all 12 of these pieces for
free using the codes that I'm linking
below for you and then I shared it on
Facebook and several my friends use my
link to order clothes for them following
the directions that I gave and they got
their sixty dollars of clothing for free
and I received some credits that I've
used to order my some more clothing
today so today I'm going to show you
what I step through my ordering process
and how it automatically links the
credits and I used a discount code and I
got eight more pieces mostly pants and I
paid five dollars out of pocket so i'm
going to show you i'm a link that below
the real key is that I just you have to
follow the directions and I'm going to
step out in the in the planner look in
the comments box below and then also if
you want to go on an order if you'll use
my link than I receive some referral
credit back so then I can order Parker
more clothes in the spring or whatever
maybe but then also you can share it
with your social media you can email it
to friends you could share it on
Facebook and if they use it then you'll
get referral credits as well so it's a
really cool idea it helps schools it's a
way you can also fundraise for your
school ok guys this i want to show you
what i'm doing with using my credit so i
had several people use my school of
credits i had sixty dollars in credits
here you can see this because i had six
people at or five four people use my
link and
also you get credits when you open an
account and you do those things so I had
sixty dollars and credits from my first
order so I wanted you to see that i have
one two three four five six seven eight
items of clothing mostly pants and
jackets for Parker so you can see the
prices are kind of inflated and school
but you know it's for a good cause and
you can work these deals and get more
clothing now they take a little while to
get in but you know that's okay so I've
got eight items in here the price
subtotal for those eight items sorry
let's work on camera work is ninety-four
dollars I have a back to school savings
code that will allow me to save thirty
percent so there's the code for that so
I'm saving twenty eight dollars and
twenty cents i have a total credit of
sixty dollars i'm going to pay zero
shipping and handling so i'm going to
pay out of pocket five dollars and
eighty cents if i wanted to pay zero i
would eliminate one of my items but i
really do want to get all these pieces
probably this one this shirt but I like
this shirt I think Parker will really
enjoy it and I love gymboree for 580
that's five-fifty let's good job so I'm
getting eight items for five dollars and
eighty cents and I'll just put in my
credit card information which I will not
be showing you for that my previous in
from my previous order i paid nothing
but i did have to enter my credit card
information in order for it to process i
just wanted to get on and show you
because this is an amazing thrifty fine
for me to basically get 20 pieces of
clothing for five dollars and eighty-six
is amazing and you need to work this
deal too